<!-- Autogenerated by mlir-tblgen; don't manually edit -->
### `-add-buffers-for-net-results`: Add network results in Function parameters
This pass adds buffers to the function parameters to copy the network result to them.
In contrast to MLIR standard analogue pass, this pass preserves the function results to utilize use-def chains on bufferized IR.
The `return` operation will take an aliases of output buffers from the function arguments.
### `-bufferize-IE`: Bufferize the IE dialect into the IERT dialect on Function level
This pass bufferizes **IE Dialect** into **IERT Dialect**:

* Updates only Function inner regions.
* Doesn't change Function signatures.
* Replaces Layer Operations with IERT analogues.
* Replaces Quant Dialect Operations with IERT analogues.
### `-bufferize-func-and-return`: Bufferize func/return ops
A bufferize pass that bufferizes std.func ops.
In contrast to MLIR standard analogue pass, this pass uses vpux::BufferizeTypeConverter
to process encoding attribute in mlir::RankedTensorType
### `-convert-IE-to-VPU-M2I`: Convert supported IE layers to VPU M2I operations
### `-convert-IE-to-VPU-NCE`: Convert supported IE layers to VPU NCE operations
The pass converts VPUNCE-friendly operations (such as Conv, Pool, Eltwise)

It doesn't change the memory spaces or add any new operations such as Copy
### `-convert-VPUIP-to-VPUIPRegMapped`: Convert VPUIP Dialect to VPUIPRegMapped Dialect
### `-convert-layers-to-VPU`: Convert Layers Operations to VPU Dialect (SW and View layers)
### `-convert-layers-to-VPUIP`: Convert VPU Operations to VPUIP Dialect
Convert software and view-like operations from VPU to VPUIP dialect.
Software operations are converted to UPA tasks, supported by VPUX30XX.
### `-convert-nce-cluster-tiling-to-vpuip`: Convert VPU NCEClusterTiling ops to VPUIP
Convert VPU::NCEClusterTiling ops to VPUIP::NCEClusterTiling.
### `-convert-sw-layers-to-VPUIP`: Convert Software Operations to VPUIP SWKernel
Convert software operations from VPU to VPUIP::SWKernel operations for VPU37XX.
### `-convert-to-VPUIPRegMapped-and-ELF`: Convert to VPUIPRegMapped Dialect and ELF Dialect
### `-convert-vpu-nce-to-vpuip`: Convert NCE ops from VPU to VPUIP
Convert ops which can be executed on NCE to VPUIP::NCEClusterTask ops.
