<!-- Autogenerated by mlir-tblgen; don't manually edit -->
### `-add-buffers-for-net-results`: Add network results in Function parameters
This pass adds buffers to the function parameters to copy the network result to them.
In contrast to MLIR standard analogue pass, this pass preserves the function results to utilize use-def chains on bufferized IR.
The `return` operation will take an aliases of output buffers from the function arguments.
### `-bufferize-IE`: Bufferize the IE dialect into the IERT dialect on Function level
This pass bufferizes **IE Dialect** into **IERT Dialect**:

* Updates only Function inner regions.
* Doesn't change Function signatures.
* Replaces Layer Operations with IERT analogues.
* Replaces Quant Dialect Operations with IERT analogues.
### `-bufferize-func-and-return`: Bufferize func/return ops
A bufferize pass that bufferizes std.func ops.
In contrast to MLIR standard analogue pass, this pass uses vpux::BufferizeTypeConverter
to process encoding attribute in mlir::RankedTensorType
### `-convert-Affine-to-LLVM`: Convert Affine and Std dialects to LLVM dialect
### `-convert-VPUIP-to-VPUMI37XX`: Convert VPUIP Dialect to VPUMI37XX Dialect
### `-convert-VPUMI37XX-to-ELF`: Convert VPUMI37XX Dialect to ELF Dialect
### `-convert-layers-to-VPU`: Convert Layers Operations to VPU Dialect (SW and View layers)
### `-convert-layers-to-VPUIP`: Convert VPU Operations to VPUIP Dialect
Convert operations from VPU to VPUIP dialect,
including remaining operations except for NCE and SW operations.
### `-convert-nce-cluster-tiling-to-vpuip`: Convert VPU NCEClusterTiling ops to VPUIP
Convert VPU::NCEClusterTiling ops to VPUIP::NCEClusterTiling.
### `-convert-sw-layers-to-Affine`: Convert Software Operations to Affine Dialect
Convert software operations from IERT to Affine operations for VPU37XX.
### `-convert-sw-layers-to-VPUIP-UPA`: Convert Software Operations to VPUIP UPAOp
Convert software operations from VPU to VPUIP::XXXUPAOp operations.
### `-convert-sw-layers-to-VPUIP-sw-kernel`: Convert Software Operations to VPUIP SWKernel
Convert software operations from VPU to VPUIP::SWKernel operations.
### `-convert-vpu-nce-to-emu`: Convert VPU.NCE ops to EMU.ClusterTaskOp.
Convert NCE.Convolution, NCE.DepthConvolution, NCE.MaxPool, NCE.AveragePool
and NCE.Eltwise ops from VPU dialect to EMU.NCEClusterTaskOp

### `-convert-vpu-nce-to-vpuip`: Convert NCE ops from VPU to VPUIP
Convert ops which can be executed on NCE to VPUIP::NCEClusterTask ops.
### `-move-io-buffers-to-elf-sections`: Wrap IO DeclareBuffs into ELF section operations
IO buffers, more specifically, DeclareBufferOps with location at NetworkInput and NetworkOutput,
are handled differently in terms of allocations. Their allocation is not owned or driven by the compilation
process, but rather by the execution process. By contract we would recieve only their addresses.
In the compiler we still abstract them as allocated buffers.
Since ELF dialect materializes the memory allocation process, we would handle these ops differently,
with semantics identifiable by the rest of the toolchain.
