<!-- Autogenerated by mlir-tblgen; don't manually edit -->
### `-act-shave-profiling`: ActShave task profiling
This pass allocate required memory for ActShaveProfiling profiling and perform buffer spilling
### `-alignment-for-swizzling`: Configure alignment for buffers which can have swizzling feature enabled
On HW with swizzling support (VPUX37XX) enable activation swizzling for DPU to DPU
buffers. This includes setting specific swizzling key and alignment as part of
allocation operation.
Swizzling requirement:
- buffer needs to be properly aligned
- swizzled buffers must be given in CMX space with size of multiple of 512
- activation buffer must be one produced and consumed by DPU type task
- buffer for weights can be swizzled and needs to have swizzling transformation performed on the content
Device supported swizzling key
- 0: 16 bytes alignment
- 1: 1024 bytes alignment
- 2: 2048 bytes alignment
- 3: 4096 bytes alignment
- 4: 8192 bytes alignment
- 5: 16384 bytes alignment
### `-break-data-flow`: Breaks the data flow in the graph
This pass breaks the data flow in the graph. It is required for the VPURT dialect for correct task creation
because all VPUIP dialect tasks will be inside body of the TaskOp and it is impossible to use operation results inside another body of TaskOp.
### `-calculate-async-region-cycle-cost`: Calculates cycle cost of 'async.execute'
### `-compress-weights`: Compress binary data when possible
This pass applies bitcompactor to tensor binary data. The logic is the following:
1. Find VPUIP::NNDMAOp with Const::DeclareOp source and VPURT::DeclareBufferOp target.
2. Check that weights size matches minimal compression size.
3. Compress weights.
4. Wrap compressed weights to flat tensor shapes with UInt8 data type.
5. Replace original VPUIP::NNDMAOp with VPUIP::CompressedDMAOp
### `-convert-allocations-to-declarations`: Convert static allocations to declarations
### `-convert-async-ops-to-tasks`: Convert Async Dialect operations to tasks
This pass inlines 'async.execute' body to parent Block and replaces '!async.token' based dependencies with
VPUIP virtual barriers.
### `-convert-transfer-ops-to-DMAs`: Convert data transfer operations to DMA
### `-convert-view-ops-to-declarations`: Convert view-like operations to declarations
### `-copy-op-hoisting`: Update location of CopyOps in the block
This pass checks all CopyOps and updates their position in the parent block to be close to source op
that generates the copy op source buffer
### `-dma-task-profiling`: DMA task profiling using DMA-Timestamps
This pass add DMA task profiling.
### `-dpu-profiling`: DPU task profiling
This pass allocate required memory for DPU profiling and perform buffer spilling
### `-dump-statistics-of-task-ops`: Dump the statistics of used Task operations
This pass dumps the statistics of used Task operations and makes a report as warning for operations not converted to DPU.
### `-feasible-allocation`: Feasible Memory Scheduling Pass
Schedule async.execute opeations based on their dependecies and CMX memory availability

#### Options
```
-memory-space              : Memory space to perform allocation
-second-level-memory-space : Second level memory space to perform spilling
```
### `-group-async-execute-ops`: Reduces number of async.execute operations
Groups consecutive operations which utilizes the same executor and max resources into same async.execute region
### `-group-profiling-buffers`: Group profiling buffers into single profiling output buffer
Group profiling buffers from different profiling engines into single profiling output buffer with name as
[offset]_[profiling name]_[offset]_[profiling name] so postprocessing tool can parse it back
### `-linearization`: Perform linearization of the IR
Perform linearization of the IR with fully sequential execution.
### `-maximize-upa-cycles`: Expand cycles for UPA ops
For each SHAVE_UPA executor the pass recalculates cycleBegin, cycleEnd and cycleCost
in order to expand cycle from latest producer of executor to nearest consumer. 
It takes maximum of cycleEnd value of producers as new cycleBegin and minimum of cycleBegin
of consumers as new cycleEnd. 
### `-move-operation-from-ddr-to-cmx`: Move memory of MemPermute and DepthToSpace from DDR to CMX
This pass will move execution of some operations (e.g. DepthToSpace) from DDR to CMX
if it is possible to achieve better performance
### `-move-view-ops-into-async-regions`: Moves view-like Operations inside the asynchronous regions which depends on them
### `-move-wait-result-to-async-block-args`: Moves 'async.await' result usage from 'async.execute' body to it's operands
### `-optimize-async-deps`: Optimizes dependencies between 'async.execute' operations
The pass tries to remove extra explicit `!async.token` based dependencies,
if they are represented implicitly (as a result of transitive dependencies).
### `-optimize-copies`: Removes Copy Ops which are unnecessary
This pass checks if Copy Op can be optimized out to reduce the amount of unnecessary DMAs and intermediate buffers.
### `-optimize-parallel-copies`: Copy the data only once for all the tiles that share the same data
This pass checks all the CopyOps consumed by tiles of one tiling subgraph.
If the CopyOps operate on the same weight or activation, merge the parallel copies into one.
### `-patch-weight-table`: Adjusts weights and sparsity pointers after memory scheduling
This pass adds RelocateWeightsTable transformation to weights table constants. The transformation adds weights and sparsity base pointers
to offset that are already filled in the weights table constants.
### `-set-internal-memory-space`: Set specific memory space for all internal memory buffers
This pass updates all Types for internal memory buffers and sets the specified memory space for them.

#### Options
```
-memory-space : Memory space to perform allocation
```
### `-static-allocation`: Replace dynamic allocations with static
This pass replaces all dynamic `alloc`/`dealloc` Operations with `VPUIP.StaticAlloc`.
It uses simple LinearScan algorithm.

#### Options
```
-memory-space : Memory space to perform allocation
```
### `-swizzle-constant`: Swizzle weights and weight table for given swizzle key
Swizzles weight table and weights with the swizzle key set in AlignmentForSwizzling Pass
### `-tile-copies`: Legalizes Copy Ops which do not fit hardware capabilities
This pass checks if Copy Op can be executed at target hardware and splits it into a few tiles if necessary.
To fit hardware requirements it should copy less or equal than 16MB(2**24 bytes) and have less than 256 planes.
The number of planes is defined by the outermost dimension in the tensor (except for N - batch).
Depending on the order of the data in memory, there may be several options for what to count as the number of planes.
For example, if the dimension order (from the outermost to the innermost) is NCHW, then HW (height-width) is considered a plane,
and the number of planes equals to the value of dimension C. The number of planes for different dimension orders:
* For NHWC - H
* For NCHW - C
* For NWCH - W
### `-unroll-cluster-tiling`: Extracts child operations from ClusterTiling operation
Legalizes chain of ClusterTiling operations according to the tile schema
### `-unroll-depth-to-space-dma`: Split DepthToSpaceDMA task with several NN DMA tasks
This pass spilt DepthToSpaceDMA tasks with several NN DMA tasks, which are functionally equivalent.
Each sub DepthToSpaceDMA will be converted to a NNDMA.
1. if input/output layout is NHWC with model block_first, number of sub DepthToSpaceDMA is same as block_size.
2. if input/output layout is NHWC with model depth_first, number of sub DepthToSpaceDMA is OH * OW / block_size.
block_size is the size of the spatial block. It is an attribution of DepthToSpace. 
### `-unroll-permute-to-nndma`: Transform PermuteDMA task with one or several PermuteDMA tasks
This pass unrolls PermuteDMA task to one or several PermuteDMA tasks.
The number of PermuteDMA depend on the number of planes (num_planes <= 256).
1. NCHW -> NHWC: The number of planes is C.
2. NHWC -> NCHW: The number of planes is H * W, and W must <= 256.
### `-upa-profiling`: upa task profiling
This pass allocate required memory in DDR space for UPA profiling and is own profiling output to the network
### `-wrap-into-async-regions`: Wraps layer operations into asynchronous regions
This pass wraps each IERT and VPUIP layer operation into async region preserving linear execution.
