<!-- Autogenerated by mlir-tblgen; don't manually edit -->
### `-add-buffers-for-net-results`: Add network results in Function parameters
This pass adds buffers to the function parameters to copy the network result to them.
In contrast to MLIR standard analogue pass, this pass preserves the function results to utilize use-def chains on bufferized IR.
The `return` operation will take an aliases of output buffers from the function arguments.
### `-bufferize-IE`: Bufferize the IE dialect into the IERT dialect on Function level
This pass bufferizes **IE Dialect** into **IERT Dialect**:

* Updates only Function inner regions.
* Doesn't change Function signatures.
* Replaces Layer Operations with IERT analogues.
* Replaces Quant Dialect Operations with IERT analogues.
### `-convert-async-ops-to-VPUIP`: Convert Async Dialect Operations to VPUIP Dialect
This pass inlines 'async.execute' body to parent Block and replaces '!async.token' based dependencies with
VPUIP virtual barriers.
### `-convert-declarations-to-VPUIP`: Convert declarations (constants and memory buffers) to VPUIP Dialect
### `-convert-layers-to-VPUIP`: Convert Layers Operations to VPUIP Dialect (UPA and DMA tasks)
### `-convert-to-nce-ops`: Convert to NCE2 ops
Convert ops which can be executed on NCE to explicit NCE ops.
### `-convert-view-ops-to-VPUIP`: Convert view-like Operations to VPUIP Dialect
### `-fuse-activations`: Fuse activation functions to NCE tasks
Fuse activation functions (e.g. ReLU, leaky ReLU) into NCE post-processing engine.
